Add package configuration instruction to readme (#188)
nodejs/corepack: README.md

- **If the local project isn't configured for any package manager**, Corepack will assume that you know what you're doing, and will use whatever package manager version has been pinned as "known good release". Check the relevant section for more details.

### When Authoring Packages

Set your package's manager with the `packageManager` field in `package.json`:

```json
{

>   "packageManager": "yarn@3.1.1",

Reviewer: We should probably use an up-to-date version (although it will forever drift away to being outdated anyway, so it's not blocking), and use a SHA to validate the download:

```suggestion
  "packageManager": "yarn@3.2.3+sha224.953c8233f7a92884eee2de69a1b92d1f2ec1655e66d08071ba9a02fa"
```

- **If the local project isn't configured for any package manager**, Corepack will assume that you know what you're doing, and will use whatever package manager version has been pinned as "known good release". Check the relevant section for more details.

### When Authoring Packages

Set your package's manager with the `packageManager` field in `package.json`:

```json
{
  "packageManager": "yarn@3.2.3+sha224.953c8233f7a92884eee2de69a1b92d1f2ec1655e66d08071ba9a02fa"
}
```

> Here, `yarn` executable is specified at version `3.2.3`, along with the `sha224` hash of this version for validation. `executable@x.y.z` is required. The sha is optional but strongly recommended as a security practice. Permitted values for the executable are `yarn`, `npm`, and `pnpm`.

Reviewer: IMO we should not use `executable` here (because e.g. npm ships with several executables, but we only accept `npm` as a value), but I don't feel strongly about this.
```suggestion
Here, `yarn` is the name of the package manager, specified at version `3.2.3`, along with the SHA-224 hash of this version for validation. `packageManager@x.y.z` is required. The hash is optional but strongly recommended as a security practice. Permitted values for the package manager are `yarn`, `npm`, and `pnpm`.
```
